### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
1. PostgreSQL is an  open source database system that uses and extends the SQL language
- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
1. PostgreSQL is an advanced version of SQL which provides support to different functions of SQL like foreign keys, subqueries
- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
1. `psql [dbname]` where you put the name of the database to connect to in [dbname]
- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
1. `HAVING` is used more to filter records from group. Sorting them into columns. `WHERE` filters records from the entire table rather than specific groups. It sorts its results into rows.
- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
1. `INNER` join will keep only the information from both tables that's related to each other. An `OUTER` join will also keep information that is not related to the other table in the result 
- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
1. In a left outer join it's the table in the `FROM` clause whose all rows are returned. Whereas, in a right outer join we are returning all rows from the table specified in the join clause
- What is an ORM? What do they do?
1. An ORM stands for Object to Relational Mapping. It helps you take objects and classes written in code like python and then map those onto database tables and records. This makes it easier to input, modify, and delete data from your database.
- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
1. AJAX requests work in the background and don't make the page refresh like a regular HTTP request
- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
1. Cross-site request forgery, when a hacker uses cookie and session data to trick a website into thinking it has received a legitimate request by sending it data from their own site. A CSRF token is a unique, secret, unpredictable value that is generated by the server-side application and transmitted to the client in such a way that it is included in a subsequent HTTP request made by the client.
- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
1. Generates a hidden field that includes a token that is used to protect the form against CSRF attacks
